EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into this 25th day of September, 2026, by and between TechNova Solutions, LLC (the "Employer") and Jane Doe (the "Employee").

1. POSITION AND DUTIES
The Employer agrees to employ the Employee as a Senior Software Engineer. The Employee agrees to perform duties as requested by the Employer and to dedicate their full time and attention to the Employer's business during working hours.

2. COMPENSATION
The Employee will be paid a base salary of $120,000 per year, payable bi-weekly.

3. NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION
During the term of employment and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the termination of employment, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in any business that competes with the Employer within a 150-mile radius. Furthermore, the Employee shall not solicit any clients or employees of the Employer.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY
The Employee acknowledges that they will have access to proprietary information. The Employee agrees not to disclose any confidential information to third parties indefinitely, even after termination of this Agreement.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Any inventions, software, or ideas created by the Employee during the term of employment, whether during work hours or personal time, shall be the exclusive property of the Employer.

6. AUTO-RENEWAL
This Agreement is valid for an initial term of one (1) year and shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the current term.

7. TERMINATION
The Employer may terminate this Agreement at any time with or without cause by providing a 15-day written notice. The Employee may terminate this Agreement by providing a 60-day written notice. In the event of termination for cause, no notice period is required.

8. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Any disputes shall be resolved through binding arbitration.
